welcome back to film lathe news a bear
attacks a Toyota Prius it all happened
in Lake Tahoe around three a.m. in the
morning as the owners of the Tartan
Prius slept so here's basically what
happened somehow the bear got into the
Toyota Prius some people say it actually
opened the door because supposedly
there's no broken windows so somehow the
bekheir open the door got into the
Toyota Prius and basically kind of got
stuck in it because it was so big it
couldn't find its way out so it started
trashing you know the car tearing up the
interior and I've seen the pictures if
you want to watch the video click on the
link above and if you end the pictures
the whole interior is trash cars trashed
it's because what happened was the
family woke up to the alarm system going
off and they looked out the window and
they saw something in the car you know
ravaging around they weren't sure if
there's a man or what it was so they
call the police and after they were done
calling the police it looked again and
the car was gone what happened was the
bear and it's you know commotion to
trying to escape the car hit you hit the
gear shift so hard that it put it in
reverse even though is off even though
car is off it then rolled down the
street like you know block down the
street and then finally came to rest in
a neighbor's yard and the bear finally
made it out of the car but this happened
to Lake Tahoe you know in a pretty
wooded area and you know some people say
oh my god can't believe that a bear you
know attack this car look bears have
attacked cars before where you know if
you leave food or something in the car
they can smell it you know that's why
they say put food up in the trees so
bears don't you know get it but you
can't put your car in a tree so that
doesn't really work but you know look if
you're going to go in the woods and live
near the wood
you gotta expect wild animals to attack
you know bears mountain lions Cougars
coyotes there's tons of wild animals
that will attack you and it is true that
if a bear tries to attack you you should
play dead you know don't move act like
you're dead because if you try to
struggle you'll keep trying to kill you
and a bear will kill you if you let it
so play dead if you're being attacked by
a bear which probably will happen i
think from the last study i read people
will be attacked by a bear at least once
in their lifetime but yes a bear did
attack a Toyota Prius and the prius is
no longer usable and the family will
have to walk to work for now on stay
tuned for more news on this story